Added loops.md in kotlin folder (#1417)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/loops/loops.md

---
Title: 'Loops'

> Description: 'A loop is a control structure that allows you to repeat a block of code a specified number of times or until a certain condition is met.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'A loop is a control structure that repeatedly executes a block of code a specified number of times or until a certain condition is met.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Loops'
  - 'While'
  - 'For'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> In Kotlin, a loop is a control flow statement that allows you to repeat a block of code a certain number of times or until a certain condition is met. Kotlin provides several types of loops, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kotlin, a loop is a control flow statement that allows repeated execution of a block of code for a certain number of times or until a certain condition is met. Kotlin provides several types of loops, including:
```

> - `for` loop: This loop iterates over a range of values or elements in a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `for` loop which iterates over a range of values or elements in a collection.
```

> - `while` loop: This loop repeatedly executes a block of code as long as a certain condition is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `while` loop which repeatedly executes a block of code as long as a certain condition is true.
```

> - `do-while` loop: This loop is similar to a while loop, but it guarantees that the block of code will be executed at least once before the condition is checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `do-while` loop which is similar to a while loop, but it guarantees that the block of code will be executed at least once before the condition is checked.
```

## For loop

The `for` loop is used to iterate over a range of values or an iterable collection. The syntax for a `for` loop in Kotlin is:

```pseudo

> fun main(){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fun main() {
```

>     for (item in collection) {
>    // code to be executed for each item
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for (item in collection) {
    // code to be executed for each item
  }
```

}
```

Here's an example of a `for` loop in Kotlin that prints the numbers from 1 to 10:

```kotlin

> fun main(){
>     for(i in 1..10){
>         print(i)
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fun main() {
  for(i in 1..10){
    print(i)
  }
```

}
```

The output for the above code will be:

```
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
```

## While loop

> The `while` loops used to execute a block of code repeatedly as long as a certain condition is true. The syntax for a `while` loop in Kotlin is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `while` loop is used to execute a block of code repeatedly as long as a certain condition is true. The syntax for a `while` loop in Kotlin is:
```

```pseudo

>     fun main(){
>         while(condition){
>             //code to be execute while the condition is true
>         }
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fun main() {
  while (condition) {
    // Code to be execute while the condition is true
  }
}
```

```

Here's an example of a `while` loop in Kotlin that prints the numbers from 1 to 10:

```kotlin
    fun main(){
    var i = 1
    while (i <= 10) {
    print(" " + i)
    i++
    }
}
```

The output for the above code will be:

```
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
```

## Do-While loop

A `do-while` loop in Kotlin is similar to a `while` loop, but the block of code is always executed at least once before the condition is checked. The syntax for a `do-while` loop is:

```pseudo
fun main(){
    do {
    // code to be executed at least once

>     } while (condition)

Reviewer: Can we do 2-space indents here?

Author: @yangc95 I write in intellij see it take default 1 space indent see I will attach ss also down below.
<img width="311" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94860622/213765917-8696f63e-6ef5-41be-919c-be584fd741b9.png">

}
```

> Here is an example of a `do-while` loop in Kotlin. In this code, a variable `i` is declared with an initial value of 10. The loop will continue to run as long as `i` is greater than 0. Inside the loop, the value of `i` is printed and then `i` is decremented by 1 on each iteration. This means that the value of `i` will be printed and reduced by 1 on each iteration until `i` is no longer greater than 0, at which point the loop will exit and the program will end:

Author: @SSwiniarski let me know if this is right. If you don't like it I can change the example with the description.

> Here is an example of a `do-while` loop in Kotlin. In this code, a variable `i` is declared with an initial value of 10. The loop will continue to run as long as `i` is greater than 0. Inside the loop, the value of `i` is printed and then `i` is decremented by 1 on each iteration. This means that the value of `i` will be printed and reduced by 1 on each iteration until `i` is no longer greater than 0, at which point the loop will exit and the program will end:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, a variable `i` is declared with an initial value of 10. The loop will continue to run as long as `i` is greater than 0. Inside the loop, the value of `i` is printed and then `i` is decremented by 1 on each iteration. This means that the value of `i` will be printed and reduced by 1 on each iteration until `i` is no longer greater than 0, at which point the loop will exit and the program will end:
```

```kotlin
fun main(){
    var i = 10
    do {
    print(" " + i)
    i--

>     } while (i > 0)

Author: I don't think it's wrong

>     } while (i > 0)

Author: wait yes yes we have to shift the print function 1 space ahead. Sorry.

---
Title: 'Loops'

> Description: 'In kotlin, a loop is a control structure that allows you to repeat a block of code a specified number of times or until a certain condition is met. Loops are useful for automating repetitive tasks and for processing large amounts of data efficiently.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'A loop is a control structure that allows you to repeat a block of code a specified number of times or until a certain condition is met.'
```

I'd move "Loops are useful for automating repetitive tasks and for processing large amounts of data efficiently." into the opening paragraph.

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:

>   - 'loop'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Loops'
```

>   - 'while'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'While'
```

>   - 'for'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'For'
```

>   - 'do-while'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

"do-while" is not listed in the tags.md document.

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

In Kotlin, a loop is a control flow statement that allows you to repeat a block of code a certain number of times or until a certain condition is met. Kotlin provides several types of loops, including:

- `for` loop: This loop iterates over a range of values or elements in a collection.
- `while` loop: This loop repeatedly executes a block of code as long as a certain condition is true.
- `do-while` loop: This loop is similar to a while loop, but it guarantees that the block of code will be executed at least once before the condition is checked.

> ## While loop

Reviewer 2: You should have the sections in the same order as they're listed in the bulleted list. You can change one or the other, but the order you have in the list seems the most natural: 1. for, 2. while, 3. do-while

Author: hmmm alright so I will change the order of this list as the code mentioned below

> The `while` loops used to execute a block of code repeatedly as long as a certain condition is true. The syntax for a `while` loop in Kotlin is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `while` loop is used to execute a block of code repeatedly as long as a certain condition is true. The syntax for a `while` loop in Kotlin is:
```

> ```kotlin

Reviewer 2: This should be a ```pseudo block

    fun main(){
        while(condition){
            //code to be execute while the condition is true
        }
    }
```

Here's an example of a `while` loop in Kotlin that prints the numbers from 1 to 10:

```kotlin
    fun main(){
    var i = 1
    while (i <= 10) {
    print(" " + i)
    i++
    }
}
```

The output for the above code will be:

```
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
```

## For loop

The `for` loop is used to iterate over a range of values or an iterable collection. The syntax for a `for` loop in Kotlin is:

> ```kotlin

Reviewer 2: This should be a ```pseudo block.

fun main(){
    for (item in collection) {
   // code to be executed for each item
    }
}
```

Here's an example of a `for` loop in Kotlin that prints the numbers from 1 to 10:

```kotlin
fun main(){
    for(i in 1..10){
        print(i)
    }
}
```

The output for the above code will be:

```
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
```

## Do-While loop

A `do-while` loop in Kotlin is similar to a `while` loop, but the block of code is always executed at least once before the condition is checked. The syntax for a `do-while` loop is:

```kotlin
fun main(){
    do {
    // code to be executed at least once
    } while (condition)
}
```

> Here's an example of a `do-while` loop in Kotlin that prompts the user to enter a number and prints the decreasing order sequence till 0:

Reviewer 2: This is not what the example does. Either change the example to match the description, or alter the description.

Author: alright wait I will try to fix the description
